What superpower do you wish you always had?
What secret conspiracy theory do you think might be true?
If you were immortal for a day, what would you do?
If you had to be a Disney character, who would you choose?
If you got three wishes from a genie, what would they be?
How long would you last in a Zombie apocalypse?
If you could talk in your sleep, what would you say?
If you had an intro song that played every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
If you had an outro song that would play every time you exit a room, what would it be?
If you could travel back in time to any point in history, what would it be?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What reality show would you appear on?
If a movie was made of your life, what genre would it be and who would play you?
If money did not exist, and you could have any job in the world, what would you do?
Would you like a world with magic in it?
If you could live on Mars, what would you do?
What would you do with your “15 minutes” of fame?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What celebrity do you wish you would run into walking around town?
What business pitch would you make if you were on Shark Tank?
If you could pass one talent on to your children, what would it be?
What food represents your personality?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What is the strangest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What is the best meal you’ve ever eaten?
What food do you avoid at all costs?
If you could be any flavor of ice cream, what would you be?
If you were competing on a cooking show, what would you make?
Pineapple on pizza: Yes or No?
Do you prefer a center or corner piece of a brownie?
In your friend group, what role do you play?
What’s the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried?
What’s the most awkward thing that ever happened to you?
What is the best thing and the worst thing about getting older?
What famous people do you obsess over on social media?
What is one thing you own that you wish you didn’t?
What would be your spirit animal?
What did you last Google?
What job would you be terrible at?
What makes you feel old when you think about it?
What are you overly competitive about?
What’s your favorite season, and why?
What do you bring with you everywhere and anywhere you go?
What song do you play most often?
What fictional place would you most like to visit?
What is your favorite movie?
What’s one thing you wish you could have invented?
When’s the last time you laughed so hard you couldn’t breathe?
Did you ever have an imaginary friend?
What was the last song you listened to?
What was the best reason you faked being sick?
What song do you know word-for-word?
Would you rather speak in rhyme or riddles for the rest of your life?
Would you rather live in the 1800s or the 3000s?
Would you rather wear only uncomfortable shoes whenever you go outside or comfortable shoes 24-hours a day?
Would you rather explore the depths of the ocean or outer space?
Would you rather be able to speed read and or run at an incredible pace?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Who would you rather be able to read your thoughts, your boss or your parents?
Would you rather have five half-sized clones of yourself or one full-sized clone of yourself?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without air conditioning and heating?
Would you rather be trapped in a romantic comedy with your enemies or trapped in a horror movie with your friends?